It's fine by me
if you choose not to forgive me.
I don't want your forgiveness.
I want to make amends.
Todoroki's family is slowly
undergoing a change.
I solemnly pray for this
to be a change for the better.
The winter break ended
in a blink of an eye
after the hero internship was over.
The third semester has begun.
Before we know it, the first year
that was full of bumpy rides
is only three months away from ending.
Everyone! Happy New Year!
Happy New Year.
Our lesson today will be
about your internship reports.
Please share your experience
during the winter break with us.
All right, everyone.
Suit up and get to Ground Alpha.
How long are you going to keep talking…
Happy New Year, sir.
I conveyed the main agenda of the day
to the class.
I see.
I'm sure you made use
of your winter break too.
Yes.
I had my internship with Manual,
the leader of Hosu City.
It was only for a week, but I've learned…
how to be more flexible.
-Look at my new move!
-Gosh!
-He's at it again.
-Oh, yes!
He's like a bicycle with a loose chain.
-But Iida is more like a motorcycle.
-He does have an engine.
Mr. Aizawa, please come
to the staff office as soon as possible.
Oh, my gosh!
Ochaco, you got a new costume!
It suits you well.
Indeed, it looks great on you.
Really? That's a relief.
So this is Uraraka's new wrist.
It's so heavy.
That's because there are wires inside.
Weight won't be an issue
as long as I have my Quirk.
But the crate is quite heavy.
What is this?
That's…
I knew it!
You got it all wrong!
You really misunderstood.
What?
I'll keep this safe.
I'll cherish it.
PASSION
You can already control that new power?
Yes.
Seriously? That was fast!
That thing from our joint training?
Those black tentacles just sprouted
from your wrists!
Yes. I call it the "Blackwhip."
You must be kidding me.
That sounds awesome!
Working as the No. 1 Hero's
intern paid off.
You're improving at an astonishing pace!
I can control it,
but I can only use it for a short time.
I can't utilize it all the time,
but it sure is powerful.
Midoriya!
Bakugo!
What was that for?
He got on my nerve.
Oh, no!
The bleeding is not stopping!
Midoriya!
The main takeaway is to make
the body get used to it.
-Well, that's about it.
-It's fine now, my cotton candy!
COTTON CANDY MACHINE
I can control the speed now.
If I think while moving,
my body can't catch up.
The way you ignore
my punchline is remarkable.
All Might…
It's fine now, I'm here.
It's fine now, my cotton candy.
-It's fine now…
-What?
-Where is Mr. Aizawa?
Mr. Aizawa has some urgent matters
to attend to.
Can't you drive faster?
Shut it, and calm down a little.
PRESENT MIC
QUIRK: VOICE
During the battle at USJ,
we didn't notice anything at all.
No one would be so disgusting.
I can't believe it at all.
Tsukauchi and his men
must have made a mistake.
As you know by now,
a Nomu is created by modifying
the human body
that can hold several Quirks at once.
However…
It's not done with a living person.
From the brain to the heart,
everything is a mess.
A Nomu is a puppet.
It's a mindless husk.
GRAN TORINO
QUIRK: JET
It should have been that way.
Gran Torino, we left our classes
to come here in a hurry.
Please make it brief.
Aizawa.
Calm down.
We need to convey
the information in order.
That should give you time to process it.
This man is the core
of the League of Villains.
If we could get something out of him,
that would be huge progress.
But he refused to disclose
any critical information.
He's usually chatty.
But when the information
is working against the villains,
he goes completely silent
as if his brain just shuts off.
Which means…
It was very delicate, so it took us
some time to make a breakthrough.
It's a new Quirk that was created
by merging multiple Quirk Factors.
The Quirk Factor that was used as the base
is very similar to your comrade
back in your days in U.A. High,
the man who was identified
to have died at a young age.
The Quirk Factor is almost the same
as that of Oboro Shirakumo's.
Our common goal in the past
was to become heroes.
Shota, Hizashi,
let's open up our own agency
after we graduate.
The three of us can overcome anything
that comes our way.
Think about it. There are three of us.
So even if one of us makes a mistake,
the other two can still cover him.
And I've said it before,
nothing escapes Shota's keen sight.
Hizashi is an expert
in resolving disputes.
Come on, let's partner up.
Don't start whining
if you can't make enough money.
You got it!
Well, Shota?
Give me a break. I didn't even say a word.
Man, just join me.
Let's partner up.
We lost Oboro Shirakumo
during our hero internship together.
The building collapsed,
so his passing was too sudden for us.
It wasn't long after he suggested
that we open up an agency together.
So Kurogiri is a Nomu.
And Oboro Shirakumo's corpse
was used as its base.
We think that's very likely the case here.
People used to call us
the "Three Dummies of Class A."
What should I make of this?
The reason for assaulting U.A. High
is a simple one.
U.A. High has a cluster
of outstanding Quirks.
Does that make sense to you now?
"It's like collecting leftovers
from a three-star restaurant," he said.
My guess is someone swapped out
Oboro's body before the cremation.
Then they turned the body
into this disgusting Nomu.
The whole action was never pointless.
But the intention behind it
is pure evil, DJ.
I just don't get it.
We just sedated it.
He was trying to use that Quirk.
So what are we here for?
If you're hoping to see a miracle
created by our friendship,
then I'll say you've watched
too much melodrama.
With facts,
we can make miracles a possibility.
As for the Nomu defeated
by Endeavor in Kyushu,
the reports say it possessed personality
and an obsession with strong opponents.
The result of the DNA analysis showed
that the base used to create this Nomu
was an outlaw who fought
in underground rings for a living.
That Nomu retained the personality
of that person?
Unfortunately,
when I fought Kurogiri in USJ,
his speech pattern was different.
He didn't show
any particular interest in me.
Maybe they were conducting experiments
to see if memory alteration or deletion
would affect the Nomu's ability to fight.
I'll make it clear.
If we can get him to talk,
that will be huge progress.
Present Mic. Eraser Head.
I really hope you can reawaken
Oboro Shirakumo's lingering attachment.
PRO HERO SHOTA AIZAWA
QUIRK: ERASURE
STOP ANYONE WITHIN HIS SIGHT
FROM USING QUIRKS
PRESENT MIC
QUIRK: VOICE
UNLEASH LOUD SOUND WAVE ATTACKS
OR EXPAND THE RANGE OF THE SOUND
You want us to awaken
Shirakumo's lingering attachment?
Do you expect him to talk to us
like an old friend?
Please.
What about Oboro's family?
If you fail,
we'll try again with his family.
How can you tell his parents their son
had been turned into this monster?
He's awake.
Begin.
Oh, my.
We haven't met
since our attack on U.A. High.
I wasn't expecting to see you again.
The mist isn't going away
even while Eraser Head is staring at him.
The structure of his body
has been altered into this form.
I think you people have made a mistake.
This thing is nothing like Shirakumo.
Tomura Shigaraki, how is he doing?
Did you capture him as well?
How should I know?
I see. How unfortunate.
Do you care about Shigaraki?
Yes. It's my duty to look after him.
What kind of crap duty is that?
You're saying caring
for that Gothic brat is your duty?
I don't find it tedious.
It's my nature to never ignore
the needs of others.
In the past…
What?
I left a stray cat behind
without giving it much thought.
But he took the cat home
without any hesitation.
I don't understand what you mean.
Why are you here?
No reaction yet.
I was good for nothing because
I always did everything halfheartedly.
So your name is Shota Aizawa.
I'm Shirakumo.
It's nice to meet you, Shota.
Shota! The cafeteria is going to be full!
You can use my goggles.
Then you can close in on your opponent
while keeping your eyes safe.
We use the same goggles!
You had always been
the person who pulled me along.
Is this some kind of confession?
But we are not in a church.
You were always so optimistic.
You never stopped moving forward.
You never thought about the consequences.
But the dead has no future.
Yamada and I are both teachers.
I was very strict with my students.
Is this about the high expulsion rate
of your classes?
That's what the file says.
What?
Did you see the look on Eraser Head?
-I saw it. He was so scary.
-His face is always scary to look at.
It was more intense this time,
like the time he threatened to expel us.
I still get nightmares from that.
I thought I was doomed.
Even with that said,
we became better because of it.
-Not really.
He should use expulsion as warnings.
Because of him, everyone in Class 2-A
has a tainted record.
The permission to expel
and reenroll students?
Yes.
Selfless sacrifice is not the same
as giving up one's life.
The teenagers can't tell the difference.
So I will teach them
the lesson about dying.
Then I will reenroll them,
giving them the motivation to be better.
Please grant me permission.
Freedom is U.A. High's
iconic selling point.
I don't want my students
to repeat your mistake.
I don't want them to throw away
their lives in the name of justice.
I want them to have your virtue.
I want them to become heroes who lead
and live long
as the best heroes out there.
Shirakumo!
If you're still in there,
let the three of us
strive to become heroes once more!
Brainwave anomaly!
Could it be…
He's having doubts.
The location of Nomu factory.
Shigaraki's whereabouts.
Even if the hypothesis is true,
even if this monstrosity
really is Shirakumo,
my friend
can never come back to life
despite what we're doing now.
Tell us! Who created you?
Who messed with your brain?
Just now…
Back then,
did you not feel anything when we met?
I have no idea
what you've been raving about.
Shirakumo!
Answer him, Shirakumo!
I am Kurogiri.
You're a student of U.A. High Class 2-A!
We were going to become heroes together!
-Oboro Shirakumo!
What are you talking…
I'm Kurogiri,
Tomura Shigaraki's caretaker.
What you said just now
made no sense to me.
Shirakumo…
-The brainwave readings…
-Silence.
Shota…
Keep trying, Shirakumo!
Shirakumo!
Think about it. There are three of us.
So even if one of us makes a mistake,
the other two can still cover him.
Hospital…
I am…
Eraser Head. Present Mic.
That's all for now.
Thank you for your cooperation.
How are your eyes?
They are drying up and hurting.
The hospital?
I think we could have gotten a more
specific location had we tried harder.
I'm sorry we couldn't be of any help.
You did great.
How is Kurogiri?
It was as though his brain malfunctioned
and shut down entirely.
But this is a breakthrough nonetheless.
You were both students
who pursued the same dream.
I'm sorry to have brought up
such unpleasant memories.
I will definitely repay your kindness.
What exactly is a Nomu?
Why was it created?
I bet you can't wrap your heads around it.
It's like winemaking.
You crush the grapes to extract the juice.
I just want to keep enjoying
the thrill of fermenting the wine.
I'm not sure either.
However,
we can't let more people
become their victims.
I'll do my best to stop it from happening.
I look forward to seeing the results.
Very well.
I should report this right away.
A hospital?
It's not a lot to go on,
but it could be an opening.
I see. Well done.
Thugs wreak havoc at Wakagumo Hospital.
I'm a little busy right now. I'll pass.
What was it?
It was a deployment request.
Was it about your hero job?
Yes. I am the No. 2 Hero after all.
That sounds cool.
It sounds lame.
I'm going to buy some drinks.
Do you need anything?
I want black coffee.
I want plenty of sugar and creamer!
Okay.
A hospital.
The dots are connected!
All that is left…
A human being that holds endless power
while retaining consciousness.
This is what All For One and I seek.
It's the masterpiece!
Well done, Tomura Shigaraki.
Everything is going so well!
It's better than we expected!
Next episode…
It was around two months ago.
All For One's personal bodyguard,
Gigantomachia, presented himself
to the League of Villains.
He was there to assess
whether Tomura Shigaraki is fit
to become the next in line.
Just as we train to become better heroes,
Shigaraki and his forces are doing
whatever they can to be stronger.
Next episode, "My Villain Academia."
The lesson is a battle
with our lives on the line.
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!